[Music]
Hello friends of the channel,
how are you my dearest
lovers of salsa. Well, well, well,
tremendous,
did our dear Patricia Pardo just give her all to a lot of people on Ana Rosa's show? I'll tell you a little about the context. Okay, it turns out they were commenting on Britney Spears' celebration, no, she took a photo in the query dio
to celebrate the trial, no, the
custody issue with her father and the king. That's not
crazy, that it's not these
Americans, they surprise me more and more every day the
thing is that they're defending what they think is
right and both Britney and the
commentators on the show were
saying, well, in general, each one, each
woman, I don't know why it changes in
each woman. No, it seems to me that each
woman and each man has the right
to take a photo as and when they
want, in the way they want, to
upload them wherever they want and wherever they
want to celebrate because I don't
know for what they want and it's been very
good because it also coincides with the fact that in
our last hours  belén esteban has
uploaded scare a photo a photo
to celebrate the million followers
with her ass in the air, I mean vélez
please that makes me blush with her ass all
in the air since what celebration is that since I have
a million followers take my
ass well I don't know I don't understand but she
uploaded a nude photo and then
what patricia commented is that strong
no and what hypocrisy of all the people
for all the people thank god no no
but what hypocrisy of the people who
applaud that belén esteban can take
a photo like him whenever she wants if
she feels like taking a nude photo she
takes it but if she had done it next to that
tangana the networks would have
exploded you know what a mess has been
all these days with the
promotional photo of the latest single the latest
hit of that tangana what is nonsense I mean she
takes a photo with this tank
and with I think there are nine more women in
bikinis on a yacht I don't know maybe
people expected those women
to be on the yacht  with a
fur coat or a coat of I don't know, a manila shawl, I
don't know, the truth is that people are going to freak out
with the nonsense they have, we are in
a crystal age, but it is very
hard to really pay for the things that
offend them and for the things that
outrage them, they don't even believe it themselves
because if they believed it they would
also be offended by BNP and Belén Esteban
when they take these types of photos that
have absolutely nothing wrong with them,
we are having fun, you know how
I am, I don't like rogues, then but
in the comments and I want you to
tell me what you think, what you think of these
photographs
and what you think of the sha case that Patricia
Pardo has given to all those
cheap moralists, what do you think, are you reading the
comments box, I send you a
huge hug and I'll see you in the next
newscast
[Music]